Add a guide to help users pick the right Databricks workflow (#2680)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/deployment/databricks/index.md

(databricks-deployment-workflow)=
## Databricks deployment workflow

The workflow documented in ["Use a Databricks job to deploy a Kedro project"](./databricks_deployment_workflow.md) is the go-to choice when dealing with complex project requirements that need a high degree of structure and reproducibility. It's your best bet for a production setup, given its support for CI/CD, automated/scheduled runs and other advanced use cases. It might not be the ideal choice for projects requiring quick iterations due to its relatively rigid nature.

## Decision-Making Flowchart

Here's a flowchart to guide your choice of workflow:

```{mermaid}
:alt: mermaid-Decision making diagram for deploying Kedro projects to Databricks

flowchart TD
  A[Start] --> B{Do you prefer developing your projects in notebooks?}
  B -->|Yes| C[Use a Databricks workspace to develop a Kedro project]
  B -->|No| D{Are you a beginner with Kedro?}
  D -->|Yes| E[Use an IDE, dbx and Databricks Repos to develop a Kedro project]
  D -->|No| F{Do you have advanced project requirements<br>e.g. CI/CD, scheduling, production-ready, complex pipelines, etc.?}
  F -->|Yes| G{Is rapid development needed for your project needs?}

>   F -->|No| H[Use a Databricks job to deploy a Kedro project]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  F -->|No| H[Use an IDE, dbx and Databricks Repos to develop a Kedro project]
```

If the user doesn't have advanced requirements, they should use the IDE workflow, as it is much quicker and a better developer experience.

Author: Fair point I agree with that.

## Decision-Making Flowchart

Here's a flowchart to guide your choice of workflow:

```{mermaid}
:alt: mermaid-Decision making diagram for deploying Kedro projects to Databricks

flowchart TD
  A[Start] --> B{Do you prefer developing your projects in notebooks?}
  B -->|Yes| C[Use a Databricks workspace to develop a Kedro project]
  B -->|No| D{Are you a beginner with Kedro?}
  D -->|Yes| E[Use an IDE, dbx and Databricks Repos to develop a Kedro project]
  D -->|No| F{Do you have advanced project requirements<br>e.g. CI/CD, scheduling, production-ready, complex pipelines, etc.?}
  F -->|Yes| G{Is rapid development needed for your project needs?}
  F -->|No| H[Use a Databricks job to deploy a Kedro project]
  G -->|Yes| I[Use an IDE, dbx and Databricks Repos to develop a Kedro project]
  G -->|No| J[Use a Databricks job to deploy a Kedro project]
```

Remember, the best choice of workflow is the one that aligns best with your project's requirements, whether that's quick development, notebook-based coding, or a production-ready setup. Make sure to consider these factors alongside your comfort level with Kedro when making your decision.

```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1

> :hidden:

Reviewer 2: Should move this to the top of the page, otherwise the subpages appear as children of "Decision-Making flowchart" 
![image](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/assets/316517/44b7cb3a-94e3-4008-91fd-28424519dccc)

Reviewer 3: Nice spot, thanks. Done.

```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1

> choosing_databricks_workflow.md

Reviewer 2: I agree with @stichbury , would love to see this as part of the index
